2012, Micheal:This Is it && A Christmas Carol Are Cool Movies2012 was the worst... should''ve saw christmas carol in 3d...a christmas carol. good movie, but some scenes were scary! not a movie for little kids! now, onto watching "christmas vacation".A Christmas Carol in 3D is AMAZING! The people look so real!A Christmas carol is possibly the shittest movie ever, I just fell asleepA christmas carol was amazing :) and alice in wonderland looks freaky!!! I'm excited!A Christmas Carol was just great...I love Jim Carrey =)A Christmas Carol was pretty cool...and I looooove 3D!A Christmas Carol was quite heartwarming. No really, this Pixar movie almost made me cry. Now I want Christmas.Also saw Christmas Carol in 3D at the cinema, marvelous implementation of technology and Carrey great, but added little to original storyback frm Disney's A Christmas Carol w/ Jim Carey in 3D... it was ok. kinda boring. #achristmascarolbreee breee guess what movie i watched??????? christmas carol in 3 d it was awsum lol!!!!!!!!!!!Busy weekend, concert, shopping, movies. Saw Christmas Carol 3D, definite recommend, new take on old classic...scary bits 4 little kids tho!@chrisaunders stoooopit shoulda saw christmas carol 3d so good.christmas carol...i likedChristmas Carol was kind of the sheeeit. Fyi.@DaleNSebat just saw Christmas carol in 3d with Erin! Was awesomeeeeee! How r u? Tell Heidi good luck with the new Job ;)Did the whole city see rush to 2012 this weekend? Fully sold out Sat. when I tried. Saw Christmas Carol instead. Amazing effects, no heart.Elaine & I and Becca, Mikki, and Jason went to see A Christmas Carol (Jim Carrey) at the IMAX theater in 3D, then had pizza.  Was awesome!Everyone needs to see "A Christmas Carol" in 3D!!!  It is worth the extra $2!  Amazing!  It looked like the snow was falling in the theater!Finally saw Law Abiding Citizen - the bomb! Also saw Christmas Carol - Jim Carey was his absolute best! Great movie day!had an alright night, christmas carol was lameHappy Friday to all! Saw Christmas Carol 3D IMAX last night... amazing.I can't believe I just spent $16 on A Christmas Carol shootI don't think I liked the new Christmas Carol movie much at all. Can they just re-release A Muppet's Christmas Carol? I loved that one!If you haven't seen @JimCarrey 's new movie "A Christmas Carol" what are you waiting for? Best Movie I've seen all year.  Excellent work sirI just saw A Christmas Carol. It was great!! :)@imaxbirmingham saw Christmas carol tonight, defo 5 stars! We all loved it!I'm just chill'in with my BFF Kiersten. . . We went to see a Christmas Carol. . . And might I say It was so So SO AWESOME! You MUST go c it!I SAW CHRISTMAS CAROL LAST WEEK PRETTY GOOD MOVIE AND MEN WHO STAIR AT GOATS PRETTY TOO.I went to see, "A Christmas Carol" over the weekend and did not like it. Not my cup if tea.@Jescalese saw Christmas Carol w/ Richardson and his GF...it was awesome...@JimCarret I just got home from seeing The Christmas Carol in 3D, it was amazing!! Job well done!!@jimcarrey I just saw Christmas Carol and I love you@jimcarrey  Just saw Christmas Carol in 3D. Totally Awesome Jim! You are so multi-talented. Loved the new twist to the movie. Fun! Fun!@JimCarrey just saw Christmas Carol in IMAX3D...The CG thing had me skeptical but you were still YOU..Everyone needs to watch this!@JonathanRKnight  it''s a good nite so far...saw Christmas Carol and it was great!  doin some xmas shopping...drinkin a starbucks@Julianna237 I am soooo glad I saw Christmas Carol in 3D and I saw previews of Alice in WOnderland in 3 D too wooootooooooJust  came back from the movies sittin in walgreen parkin lot saw Christmas Carol Lol Good one though got my hair cut too haha finally!!!!!!Just got back from the movies with Bree, Jelly Bean, Noo-Noo, Chopper, and Kurt. We saw Christmas Carol in IMAX 3D. It. was. AWESOME!!just got home from seeing a christmas carol in 3d, so good. had fun with @MarcusIsLegend and his mommy.just got out of the movies. Saw 'A Christmas Carol"! I thought it was really good! I did get scared at some parts! : ) anyone else see it?Just saw 2012 & christmas carol good movies (SDP&Jay)Just saw Christmas Carol..Great Movie!!Just saw Christmas Carol in 3D! Sooo fun!Just saw Christmas Carol in IMAX 3D - FREAKIN'' AMAZING!!  One of my favorite stories ever made just...incredible!  The only way to see it!just saw christmas carol is was so goodJust saw christmas carol it was good i enjoyed it lol still sick though going to japanese tonight yummJust saw Christmas Carol, Jim Carrey is AWESOME!Just saw Christmas Carol... kind of a disappointment. It was actually really really scary! NOT a kids movie :(Just saw Christmas carol & loved it!just saw christmas carol...that movie is so damn weird....Just saw Christmas Carol with Jim Carrey.  It was awesome.Just saw Christmas Carol with @_KaylaK @janahainey. innnnnteresting.just saw christmas carol with mommy.. soo cute !.. going to nasis soon cant waitttJust saw Christmas Carol with the family good good movie. Very cute. I recommend seeing it. Loljust saw Disneys Christmas Carol with @mom2mopsy. I really liked it. The CG was magnificent.just watched Christmas Carol in 3D!!!!! good stuff!Just watched christmas carol in 3D.  Great experience.Just watched Christmas Carol open captioned. What a ride! The best Carol movie ever, IMHO.LOVED A Christmas Carol...I found it at www.watchfreelinks.com check it out!loved "A Christmas Carol"...reminds you to keep the Christmas spirit all year :)New Christmas Carol is creepy. Don't bring your kids.@NICK__KAY I saw Christmas carol... It was dark, slow, n kinda scary... But Jim Carry is talented!!! All those voices...@notsostilllifes Agreed, so you were off yesterday? We saw Christmas Carol which was fairly good.@Radioblogger @dcatlin wants to know if  you saw Christmas Carol today-she thought it was awesome #Marleysghost #hhrsRT @BIGWAYDEGNS  good movies out?  (I just saw christmas carol w/ jim carrey. the 3-D is cool. go high)RT RT @timastevens: Just saw Christmas Carol in 3D with the family. A good flick...well done.// Could not agree more!!! Amazingly well done.RT @Thurman86: Just watched christmas carol in imax, it was great, noe eating messican foodRT @timastevens: Just saw Christmas Carol in 3D with the family. A good flick...well done.// Could not agree more!!! Amazingly well done.Saw "2012" and "christmas carol" last night with marianne. 2012=bad acting+sucky storyline+looks cool. Christmas carol=boring. Wait for dvdSaw A Christmas Carol.  It was great!Saw A Christmas Carol tonight. I actually really liked it. The animation was fantastic and it was kinda dark.Saw Christmas Carol 2day... Well worth seeing in 3D! It is an amazing film and will be one of my favs next to Elf and It''s a Wonderful LifeSaw Christmas Carol 3D. Great version. Jim Carrey excellent. The ghosts could have used a bit more characterisation, but very enjoyable 8/10Saw Christmas Carol 3D with Lauren, Allyson, Kathy, Lindsey, Austin, and Jeremy! Sooo fun! Love time with my theatre kids:))saw Christmas Carol 3D with the family. not a good movie for little kids. very scary at times. the 3D effects were pretty amazing though.Saw Christmas Carol!! Amazing 3D. And Ro was awesome..such a little movie buff at 3! Not scary 4 her! Went with some cool peeps! free tix!saw Christmas Carol and wasn''t too impressed.  That''s a lot of Jim Carrey.  Made BBQ ribs tonight and the kids all loved it!Saw Christmas Carol-i give it a 5. Kinda boring. I never like knowing the endings tho!! Fun time with the fam tho! Enjoyed it!!Saw Christmas Carol. I liked and the boys like it. Molly and Makiah not so much. Very dark.Saw Christmas Carol @IMAX in 3D.  STUNNING!!!  About to plan persuasive unit for Y6 using Avatar trailer!Saw Christmas Carol (in 3D) earlier this evening. Attention to detail in texture and lighting is magnificant.saw christmas carol in 3d last night:)it was fantasticSaw Christmas Carol in 3D last nite, it wasn''t that bad at all, actually it was quite enjoyable!saw christmas carol in 3D last nite. not as much fun as they make you think.Saw Christmas Carol in 3D this weekend! Jim Carrey was amazing! What a great movie.I''m in such a Christmas spirit, I''m ready to sing carols!saw Christmas Carol in 3D today. it was good.Saw Christmas Carol in IMAX 3D. I was expecting meh, and I got a fantastic film!  A score that had classic XMas carols made it even better!Saw Christmas Carol last night and was very pleased. Stayed true to the story and added some humor. Don''t bother with the 3-D.Saw Christmas Carol last night... pretty good! totally worth seeing in the theater...saw christmas carol pritty cool lol who 2 picSaw Christmas Carol. That should NOT be a PG! Freaky shiiiit!saw christmas carol today, it''s a cute moviesaw christmas carol yestaday wif the fam....it was gudSaw Disney's A Christmas Carol in IMAX 3-D today. Loved it.shouts:saw Christmas cArol, it was good ^__^* tuday was fun :DSpent time with my favorite vet....I love him soooooo much....today and saw Christmas Carol....it was good@SquidDreams Disney's Christmas Carol. Creepy shit, honestly.@SquidDreams In which one? Christmas Carol? Yes there was. It was really cool... Mind, this was my first. Still really cool.The 3D and visuals in A Christmas Carol are stunning. And the film ain't half bad either. Bizarre, creepy, and joyous!The box was a waste of time. A Christmas carol rocked!!!!the movie was sold out so we just saw christmas carol it was boring coment neww pikks@trinity929 A Christmas Carol... Highly recommend it! I havent seen it but the previews were awesome!Watched A Christmas Carol today with my family ^_^ I liked it.Watched Christmas Carol in IMAX 3D on her last night in Calgary. Dissapointed with the movie. Not recommend for a Christmas movie.Watched Christmas Carol. Jim Carey made a great Scrooge. Amazing CGI. Stuck pretty close 2 the Dickens story. Kids dug it 2. Overall: Bwatching bridezillas! there meann!!soo today i went to the mall saw a christmas carol w/my lil bro it was pretty goodwent and saw Christmas Carol in 3D.  Jim Carey plays a good Scrooge.went and saw christmas carol is was very goodwent and saw the christmas carol movie a little scary but it was a great movieWent to see "A Christmas Carol" Saturday and found it to be great. A must see film.Went to see the Christmas Lights turning on today.  And also saw Christmas Carol in 3D, it''s a great movie. I reccomend it. :Pwent to the movies with casey <3 we saw christmas carol. he, i mean, it was cutee lolwent to the movies with erics mom and sister. Saw "A Christmas Carol." that movie is not for kids. its creepy. [[DEVOTED <33]]We saw Christmas Carol in 3D, AMAZING!!!!! Can''t wait for Alice in wonderland in 3DWhat''s up guyz?? It''s been wayyyy too long. I just saw Christmas Carol 3D and it was freakin awesome!@adamwalton Hope u have good show - just back from cinema, Men Who Stare At Goats, threw popcorn everywhere, left a little disappointed!@AddressingYou Dear George Clooney Saw Men Who Stare At Goats. Yeah no, it sucked donkey ass. Here let me provide you my addy for refund...aight gonna have a look tonite RT @MrHudson: just watched "men who stare at goats". extremely amusingback from "The Men Who Stare At Goats"... a pleasant, gentle, funny film. Glad I went to it. :)Been out with the boys at cinema.Saw The Men Who Stare At Goats.Very interesting.Gonna read the book I think.Call Of Duty Is Quality. Saw 'The Men Who Stare At Goats' Today. Awful Movie@concettasidoti Saw preview, looks good. Just saw Men who Stare at Goats. Mildly diverting w great performances from McGregor and ClooneyDid not care for "The Men Who Stare at Goats"do not see the men who stare at goats its a crappy movieDO NOT watch the men who stare at goats... Its a waste of money... Utterly...Due to the crap times seeing the men who stare at goats-it was my 5th choiceGoing to see 'Men Who Stare At Goats'. This should be awesome.Going to the cinema tonight with Andy, hopefully the film we see will be better than Men Who Stare at Goats or Public Enemies... what trash!go see "The Men who Stare at Goats" was great!Great day..shopped, ate Japanese food and saw Men Who Stare at Goats (not blown away..)Hanging with Adam. Saw Men Who Stare At Goats... Good movie!has just watched men who stare at goats and it was quite amusing lolHave seen Men Who Stare At Goats. It's pretty awesome. There were some cool trailers for things I don't remember now.i actually liked the men who stare at goats. if you like the big lebowski then you would like this movieI enjoyed The Men Who Stare At Goats highly.If you asked me what Men Who Stare at Goats was about, I couldn't tell you...it was THAT random!If you feel like wasting your time go see Men Who Stare at Goats.i saw men who stare at goats. IT WAS FANTASTIC. i loved itI saw Men Who Stare at Goats last night - a wonderful movie that approaches deeply profound ideas in a very entertaining way. Great cast!i saw men who stare at goats. thought it was pretty good. lots of great performaces. movie was pretty funnyI saw men who stare at goats tonight. Very weird movie. I can''t say much else. You should probably see it though.I saw the men who stare at goats yesterday. omfg amazingI want 93 minutes of my life back after sitting through Men Who Stare at Goats.  No idea what possessed us to see that steaming dung heap...I was going to watch that tomorrow RT @TheresnoSpoon: Just saw Men Who Stare At Goats. Odd movieJust been to see Men Who Stare at Goats w/ @MJWells and Crawf. Very Coen-esque. Worth a watch.Just got back from seeing The Men Who Stare At Goats in Basingstoke. Good film, quite enjoyable to watch.Just got out of 'Men Who Stare at Goats.' Cute movie.Just saw men Who stare at goats. Absolutely Brilliant! #Twitcriticsjust saw men who stare at goats and even though it had some funny parts in general it was still a complete crapfestjust saw men who stare at goats.  Good movie.Just saw Men who stare at goats.  I found it quite hilarious.  GF... not so much.  Totally my kind of humour.Just saw men who stare at goats. I think that I was missing something. Lame!Just saw Men Who Stare at Goats. I thought it was pretty funny, and it makes you wonder how much if that stuff is true.Just saw Men Who Stare at Goats. It was funny, still recovering from last nightJust saw Men Who Stare at Goats... it was so bad that it was okay... feels like a cult movie that people will love for no logical reason.just saw men who stare at goats it was truly the most amazing movie about nothing i have ever seen.Just saw Men Who Stare at Goats. I want that 90 minutes of my life back please.Just saw Men Who Stare at Goats. My word, but that was silly.Just saw "men who stare at goats", pretty funny and definitely a good movie...Just saw "men who stare at goats", pretty funny and definitely a good movie... - Foster City - CAJust saw Men who stare at goats. Skip it. Could have been great, but completely missed the mark.just saw men who stare at goats.... unimpressed. now for some wii force unleashed.Just saw Men Who Stare at Goats, utter silliness, I see lots of quoting and cult movie viewing in its future.Just saw Men who stare at goats. Very awesome. Now for sushiJust saw the men who stare at goats, awesome!Just saw The Men Who Stare at Goats. Lots of fun. I wanna be a Jedi Warrior.Just saw The Men who Stare at Goats. Mildly diverting w great performances from McGregor and Clooney, but not particularly satisfyingJust seen Men who stare at goats and I liked it wasn't bad at all. Kept me laughing through the whole movie.Just watched Men who stare at goats and it was brilliant! 5 out of 5 goatsJust watched men who stare at goats. So hilarious Georege Clooney was amazing@LadyCOOURRTNEYY I watched The Men Who Stare At Goats today. That was really good. Not typical "mainstream". Most people won't like it@lakoist We saw men who stare at goats in Leicester Square.  Funny.  Whaddya think?  "The Force is Strong With This One"loved men who stare at goats@matronedea Men Who Stare At Goats, Great!!Men Who Stare at Goats disappointed-some good and/or funny parts but overall C+ or so. Would have been C, but they made fun of Reagan, so C+Men Who Stare at Goats--Funny. I s it my imagination or does Clooney star in an abnormal number of male-casted movies?Men who stare at goats= great movie!Men who stare at goats great moviemen who stare at goats has goat to be the worst film in a weeee bit like!!Men Who Stare At Goats is absurdly funny.  That is all.Men Who Stare At Goats is excellent! Hilarious and well-acted.Men Who Stare At Goats is fanfreakingtastic.Men who stare at goats is such a shitty movie! LolMen who stare at Goats = must see. Very intelligent social commentary film. Sadly, I doubt most ppl get it. It's really good.men who stare at goats needed to be funnier. slight disappointment there.Men Who Stare at Goats - not good. rather insulting.Men Who Stare at Goats rocked!Men Who Stare at Goats: The kind of movie that makes you ask "wasn't there something better to spend their time/money on?" Pointless film.Men Who Stare at Goats.Unique movie.Scene where they drive suburbans into Ramadi reminded me of a day in Dec 06 in J-bad, AFG.Men who stare at goats, very! Strange, i would rather see the stepfather. But new moon comes out next week and i plan on seeing it.Men Who Stare at Goats very worthwhile film. Final scene, doubly so.Men Who Stare at Goats was a lot of fun. Had a really tough day with the mules today, but will try one more thing before I hang up my hat.Men Who Stare at Goats, was a strange but qurky movie... I sorta recomend it?Men Who Stare at Goats was awesome. Kicking ass now at darts @ the Saucer.Men Who Stare at Goats was..... bizarre to say the leastmen who stare at goats was dull. Ribena is tasty. #unrelatedMen who stare at goats was interesting...but also kind of a let down...men who stare at goats was nice x) ..just wanna read the book now thooo.. g'nite!Men Who Stare At Goats was pretty funny.  We enjoyed it.Men who stare at goats was really good. Also George Clooney should play Walt Disney if thwey ever make a bio pic.Men who stare at goats was terrible. Hippie army men? Eh...men who stare at goats was weird yet brilliant. Kinda want 2 get drunk now!More training miles in the legs this weekend. Prepping to go for dinner w/ friends. Men Who Stare at Goats is a good movie. Go see it.movie day double feature done. saw men who stare at goats (silly) and the damned united (fantastic). off to rancho for Amos the transparent.must see The Men Who Stare at GoatsMy brother shot things on MW2 and I saw Men Who Stare At Goats. Awesome movie by the way. I loved its charm.Now singing "More than a Feeling" cuz we just saw Men Who Stare at Goats. I like George Clooney when he does these kinds of parts.Official ruling...the men who stare at goats was soooo good!!!!!!Oh, hey, everyone should totally go see "The Men Who Stare at Goats" cause its ten tons of funny.okay never never EVER see "men who stare at goats" it's a waste of money and a couple hours of your life you can never get back. rawr. >:(Okay, so if someone says you either have to go see The Men Who Stare at Goats or jump into traffic.....jump into traffic.omg i saw men who stare at goats yesterday and it was soooo funny who ever didnt see it yet go see it its sooooo funnyPlaying some catchup today. MEN WHO STARE AT GOATS is a hodgepodge of brilliance and awkward. Now on to see the world end Emmerich style.REALLY enjoyed Men Who Stare at Goats-Army's exploration of psychic skills, + creating "jedi" warriors. Funny+enlightening, w/lot o truthRT @JamesAkersJr: "That movie SUCKED!" - Jeremy after we watched Men Who Stare At GoatsRT @JasonSandquist    save yo money, "the men who stare at goats" is quite possibly one of the worst movies every producedRT @MrHudson just watched "men who stare at goats". extremely amusing save yo money, "the men who stare at goats" is quite possibly one of the worst movies every producedSaw Men Who Stare at Goats. Amusing. Worth giggling at. Ewan McGregor learns to be a Jedi at last.saw Men Who Stare at Goats and it sucked. Do not see it.Saw "Men Who Stare At Goats", but don't recommend it. I fell asleep. Only 4 of us in the theater.saw Men Who Stare At Goats. Fun film, though wish they''d used some of @jonronson ''s orginal footage. Loom room tonight!Saw Men Who Stare at Goats... FUNNY movie! Ewan McGregor was seeeeexy!Saw Men Who Stare At Goats. Good For a Giggle and typical Jon RonsonSaw Men Who Stare At Goats. It was....kinda dumb. But at least I didn''t have to see The Fourth Kind. *shudder*Saw Men Who Stare at Goats last night.......brilliant! Oh and spent time with my favourite lady.....and had weird dreams!saw Men who stare at goats last night.  good film, made better by some good tache action. Trailer here: http://is.gd/4Tfwd #movemberSaw Men Who Stare at Goats last night.  Loved it!Saw Men Who Stare At Goats last night.Quite Funny.Saw Men Who Stare at Goats. So much wasted potential.Saw "Men who stare at goats", that was AWESOME!!! I laughed soooooo much, great movie <3Saw MEN WHO STARE AT GOATS.  The goats were great!Saw Men Who Stare At Goats this week. Enjoyable film, but felt dramatisation detracted from jaw dropping revelations of the book.Saw Men Who Stare at Goats today - It was funny, weird, strange, I enjoyed it. Then again, practically anything starring Clooney I''ll watch.Saw Men Who Stare At Goats today w/ the husband. Disappointing w/ poorly dev. chars. It felt as if about half an hour of movie was missingSaw Men Who Stare At Goats tonight. A lot better than studying. Glad to get my mind off things for a while.Saw Men Who Stare at Goats tonight. Entertaining and George Clooney and Ewan McGregor were great. One of my favourite Ewan performances.Saw Men Who Stare at Goats tonight.  I expected it to be better.  Either I''ve got to lower expectations, or find better movies to go to.Saw Men who stare at Goats tonite. Really liked it. The jedi stuff was funny w/ Ewan McGregor in the movie.saw Men Who Stare at Goats. Unexpectedly enjoyed that a lot more than I thought I would even though it was an absurdist comedy.Saw Men Who Stare At Goats. Very funny!!Saw Men Who Stare At Goats. Very good, acting was outstanding, as you might well expect. Lots of funny moments. Story starts in Ann Arbor!saw men who stare at goats with mom,,, hallariousSaw Men who stare at goats yesterday, a very strange, but somehow really nice film.  Out of place, or space?Saw Men Who Stare at Goats yesterday, good flick ! Heading to a barnyard to practice.....saw men who stare at goats yesterday:|, it was rubbish=/Saw Men Who Stare At Goats yesterday (rather good and amusing) and 2012 today (brilliantly mega epic). Good weekend!Saw the film "Men who stare at Goats" last week. Loved Jeff BridgesSaw "The Men Who Stare at Goats". Really good movie. Got me thinking. Thinking about things completly unrelated to the movie.saw the men who stare at goats - too short and really random with some funny parts... i loved itsaw the men who stare at goats... total rip off.. that movie was stupid except for one part. i'm mad now, but at least i went shopping afterSaw the Men Who Stare At Goats written by #jonronson it's a lovely film I wasn't prepared for the appearance of Barney thoughSaw "The Men Who Stare at Goats" yesterday. Was actually pretty funny.saw the movie men who stare at goats  funny movieSaw the movie, Men Who Stare at Goats. I am at once puzzled and awed. Feel like I need to see it again. And do some research.@scottybomb at least Men Who Stare at Goats us doing well? I can't believe people pay to see CGI and bad acting... wait, actually I can.Sitting through the film "Men Who Stare At Goats" was almost as painful as ... staring at goats. FAIL!!! #menwhostareatgoats #failSo I just saw Men Who Stare At Goats.  One word- Odd.so...Men Who Stare At Goats...hated it.So...Men Who Stare At Goats...May be the funniest movie I've seen all year. (I say that 'cause I'm seeing New Moon this Thursday...Snoogins)The limber mind is a must for adequate enjoyment of many things, including Men Who Stare At Goats! I loved it!The Men Who Stare At Goats... Ace!!! Really enjoyed it! I want to be a special forces Jedi Warrior :D Maybe I already am :|The Men Who Stare at Goats..............a complete letdownthe men who stare at goats amusing. kept waiting for the cheap shot of Obi-wan during all the Jedi talk. didn't come.The Men Who Stare At Goats: brilliant, funny, crazy. How Clooney and McGregor managed to keep their faces straight, we can only guess.The men who stare at goats...excellent if a little wacky..lots of laughs followed by a Nandos and a large glass of wine. Happy Sunday xThe Men Who Stare at Goats = fantastically funny movie in that brilliantly self-aware sort of wayThe men who stare at goats is no good!!!!!  Bad movie.     I hope the road is better.The Men Who Stare at Goats isn't very good at all..The men who stare at goats is probably one of the worst films ive ever seen...The Men Who Stare at Goats is probably the first comedy ive seen twice in theaters. loved it!The Men Who Stare At Goats is the best movie that stars Ewan McGregor and Jedis.The Men Who Stare at Goats is very funny.The men who stare at goats kinda blew. BummerThe Men Who Stare at Goats should be one heck of a funny movie. Imagine killing a goat by staring at it.THE MEN WHO STARE AT GOATS - Stellar cast can't elevate this comedy above "where's the motivation?" though has a number of laughs. #moviesThe men who stare at goats us very ridiculousThe Men Who Stare at Goats was a disappointment.  But New Moon on Thursday night is going to be SWEET!'the men who stare at goats' was amusing...but I still want to see 'an education'...a coming of age story in sixties london? irresistible.The Men Who Stare at Goats was even stranger than I expected. Worth watching, I would say.The Men Who Stare at Goats was great! Cast was awesome! Sooo funny!!!The Men Who Stare At Goats was hilarious :Dthe men who stare at goats was horrible, dont see it.....back to watching the big bang theory.The Men Who Stare at Goats was pretty funny.The Men Who Stare At Goats was pretty funnyThe Men Who Stare At Goats was pretty goodThrilled and surprised to see @RhysieDarby in Pirate Radio!  Great movie, go see it, skip Men Who Stare at Goats.@TinaMW    Saw Men Who Stare at Goats last weekend. Awful movie // Dang it, I was looking forward to another George Clooney comedy.tired, gr8 day, saw MEN WHO STARE AT GOATS (2 thumbs up), hung w/family, my gr8 cousin and aaron :D@Totalbiscuit Did you see Men Who Stare At Goats in the end? Personally I think I liked it, but not entirely sure, needs a rewatch on dvd.Watched Men Who Stare at Goats. Amusing, cute & Ewan McGregor. Didn''t really have a plot. Glad I was drinking beer while watching it.Watched Men who stare at goats. It was an ummm entertaining movie.Watched Men Who Stare at Goats.  It was as exciting as staring at goats. #fbWatched Men Who Stare At Goats. Not as good as I was expecting. Some guy in the cinema found it very funny tho. I was happy for him. :)Watched Men Who Stare At Goats. Odd, campy, funny, not a masterpiece, almost too silly. Flower jedi ending. Spacey channeling, "tin cup" Ha!Watched "The men who stare at goats" at the cinema last night.  Very funnywatched the men who stare at goats..fantastic stoner flick! :)watched the  most stupid movie of my life..men who stared at goats..dont even stare at this film poster..2 hours of torturewent and saw men who stare at goats with mom, I give it a thumbs up!Went and saw The Men Who Stare At Goats. Freaking great movie.Went on a date tonight with my lover. The men who stare at goats.....dumb. Walked out after the first 20 minutes. Went to Gameworks instead!Went to Men Who Stare at Goats.  Remote viewing is pretty standard in my line of work so I found the  story fairly credible. Nice & light.Went to see Men who stare at goats - disappointingWent to see "men who stare at goats" it was pretty funny.. gonna go try cloud bursting now :D lawlWent to see "Men Who Stare at Goats" last night - funny movie!Went to see "Men who Stare at Goats" today. I highly recommend it.Went to see The Men Who Stare at Goats today. Funny clever film and only 90 mins long.writin an essay! YES! Oh and saw Men Who Stare at Goats...pretty good movie..........ummmmmm or what??????? #OrWhatAbsolutetly LOVED Pirate Radio (The Boat that Rocked) ?. Classic rock & PSH, what's not to love? ?  #fbAgree! RT @missmon_ika:YES! THIS! :D @buhbeesgirl EVERY1 MUST GO SEE PIRATE RADIO (aka The BoatThat Rocked) W TOMSTU!SUCH A FANTASTIC MOVIE!also saw Pirate Radio on a whim last night and it is awful, you have been  warned@am13er I know - he's the best. I saw Pirate Radio with TomStu last night. Good stuff - awesome music.And Pirate Radio is such a great movie! Glad I saw it with Steven<3333at the pad..watched Pirate Radio!..great movie!..ROCK & ROLL!Awesome movie, I watched "Pirate Radio" last night... 2 hours of pure joy.By the way, <3 Pirate Radio@carafornia you best take @lauren__ashley to see pirate radio, it was amazing.  amazing.@catdecember Pirate Radio has everything I ever loved about radio. I kinda miss it@cellebelle no your answer is wrong. Because pirate radio looks surprisingly...terrible?Come on US, go see Pirate Radio,, it's the funniest movie of this yearDon't miss Pirate Radio.  It was so much fun!Dreadful opening weekend for Pirate Radio (The Boat That Rocked) in the U.S... um... there's a reason for that...Drinking Sapphire and tonics on the porch tonight. Pleasantly buzzed. Saw Pirate Radio today ... awesome soundtrack.@druidDUDE Pirate Radio is amazing i love this movie@ensredshirt I looked at the soundtrack for Pirate Radio. Sure is great music. Now I really want to see that movie! Glad you liked it.EVERYONE LOVES PIRATE RADIO! they have to.EVERYONE MUST GO SEE PIRATE RADIO (aka The BoatThat Rocked) W TOMSTU!!! SUCH A FANTASTIC MOVIE!!!For our last date night before going on hiatus went and saw Pirate Radio.  It''s a rockin'' must see.Fun weekend with my best friend. Saw Pirate Radio on Friday. Amazing. Chilled out, played GH3, watched LOTMS, crashed. Immensely fun.Go see Pirate Radio!  What a lot of fun. And, if you're forty-eleven like me, it's the sound track of your childhood.Got back from watching Pirate Radio around 2am, Love That Movie!! ;DGreat Movie, the soundtrack is awesome :) RT @Tedracat: I'm going to see Pirate Radio this afternoon (aka The Boat that Rocked)...@hiolivejuiicee I saw Pirate Radio cause it just came out yesterday. And it was funny romantic and really very good.Holy crap. Pirate radio was good. Really good.How bout it then? ..... Pirate Radio is a must see! I can't wait for it to come out on DVD so I can watch it everyday.I had so much fun this weekend with @kcorbammej @dannyellow95 and @pantanamo. Pirate Radio was freaking radical. New favorite movie for sure.I havent been this happy with a movie in real long time! Pirate Radio was awesome!I just saw PIRATE RADIO -- liked it a bunch and recommend to anyone.I just watched Pirate Radio. What should I say, hummm...nothing less than A M A Z I N G ?!!? yes, nothing less than A M A Z I N G.I just watched Pirate Radio with @ChrisMatthews! Gotta love DC.I loved Pirate Radio...absolutely genius! LOVED IT! Highly recommend.I love Pirate Radio. That movie is too good, but...long.I saw Pirate Radio. GO SEE IT! Great movie and great soundtrack. If you want something light, it''s worth the time.I SAW PIRATE RADIO! So much fun, I really really ridicuously enjoyed it! @TomSturridgecom So proud of wittle Tom! :-)I saw "Pirate Radio" today and thought it was a hoot with some great performances and an amazing soundtrack.i SUPER wanna see pirate radio again.  SUPERRRR.Is very happy I went to see pirate radio with friends great movie.it might be possible to make a more inept movie than 'pirate radio', but it would take a lot of work. spectacularly incompetent.I very much enjoyed Pirate Radio. I think more people should go see it.@joygreenmcgann Saw Pirate Radio w/my son. Loved it and the sound track, definitely in a ''60s groove. How''s things in your world?Just got back from hanging with @xomisskirstie saw pirate radio best movie everJust saw (& loved!!) Pirate Radio!Just saw Pirate Radio and it was AAWEEESOMMEE, you have to see it! Good soundtrack, costumes and people are hysterical!Just saw Pirate Radio, and you know, it was pretty awesome! Philip Seymour Hoffman, Nick Frost, Bill Nighy, Rhys Darby... what a great cast!Just saw pirate radio. Best time I''ve had at the movies since Jurassic park..and nighy has moves! Brilliant flickjust saw Pirate Radio... enjoyed the soundtrack!Just saw pirate radio.  F''ing rocked!!just saw Pirate Radio. go see it. it will change your lifeJust saw Pirate Radio... It was awsome! Highly recomend it.Just saw Pirate Radio. It was so good!just saw Pirate Radio!! It was soooo good! Omg I loved it. Definitely one of my new fave moviesJust saw Pirate Radio! It was the awesomes!!! :) i need the soundtrack!just saw Pirate Radio... loved it! ;)Just saw Pirate Radio. Loved it.just saw Pirate Radio.  Oh yeah, great movie!  ROCK ON!!Just saw pirate radio. Pretty good movie makes me wish I had been alive during that erajust saw Pirate Radio, pretty good, probably a better DVD than a theater pickJust saw pirate radio. Pretty good. Time to drive home in the snow. BOO!Just saw Pirate Radio. Rotten tomato was a bit harsh on it. I had a great time watching it. Very funny with awesome tunes!!Just saw Pirate Radio. Sorry to say, after all the hype I was underwhelmedJust saw Pirate Radio (The Boat That Rocked). Really enjoyed it. Great soundtrack!Just saw Pirate Radio. What a fun trip down memory lane musically.just watched PIRATE RADIO and it was....AMAZINGLY AWESOMEISHLY GREAT! the soundtrack to this movie is unbelievable! you have to see it! :)Just watched Pirate Radio.  Good movie, great soundtrack.@Krystalizing I would recommend pirate radio, watch that instead.Like counter-culture, 60's rock, & P. S. Hoffman? You'll like Pirate Radio. Seriously, one of the best movies I've seen in a while.Loved pirate radio but this is a totally biased opinion bc I feel Richard Curtis can do no wrongLoved Pirate Radio.  Downloading any songs on the soundtrack I don't already own!loved Pirate Radio. Feel good movie of the year!Loved Pirate Radio.  Good movie.  Very funny.loved Pirate Radio! Go see it if you like crazy brit humor!Loved Pirate Radio. Love the glass of chardonnay that I am drinking!Loved Pirate Radio! The 60's music playing nearly continually during the movie was a bonus.Love, love, loved "Pirate Radio". Probably no one else will, because I have strange movie tastes.@luckeyme Pirate Radio (The Boat that Rocked) is probably one of the best movies I have seen in the last two years. :)@LyricalAsshole dunno if you've seen the movie Hurt or Pirate Radio...but both very good films...especially pirate radioMary poppins was amazing on broadway and I saw pirate radio last night. Very good. Interesting ending. @brucej987 the frogs were awesome lol@MichaelWittig just saw Pirate Radio.. HIGHLY recommend it!! It was VERY good!!  Do not not not not see 2012... it''s bad bad bad!!!!Movie fiction that it is, Pirate Radio was fun.  Great soundtrack but where were the music arguments/discussions?My review from last night     Pirate Radio=Massive win! Stellar cast, great story, tons of foolery. If you like music you'll love this movie@nathan_reed I really like Pirate radio.@nicholascarroll Saw Pirate Radio last night; enjoyed it immensely. No meaningful message/observations, but tons of fun and excellent music!@NickColeman Your movie advice is being called seriously into question. Pirate Radio was pure fun!@nickjfrost just saw The Boat That Rocked/Pirate Radio and I thought it was brilliant! You and the rest of the cast were fantastic! <3@nickjfrost My friend and I left the theatre with a bit of melancholia. We saw Pirate Radio and didn''t want it to end.@nicole_rae I saw Pirate Radio last night and loved it--I think you and Q would dig@ninenorthlp The color, the music, the story...are great. It's already in my all-time favorites! Pirate Radio ROCKS!Oh, and just saw Pirate Radio aka The Boat That Rocked, and loved it. Add Chris O''Dowd to the list of Irishmen I have a thing for.Oh my GOD!! I loved Pirate Radio!!!!! It was SO GOOD! Awwwhh!OK, so I see some of you have made this statement already. But I have to follow suit in this case. Pirate Radio was good...@orangecountygal Breakfast on my "to do" list HA. Saw Pirate Radio last night, lots of fun (no covers!)Pirate radio awesome.  Got to love the 60'spirate radio! best movie! TomStu StOLE that movie! he's another Brit god !Pirate Radio, great flick.Pirate Radio HOT! Best movie I've seen in a long time.Pirate Radio. I laughed until I was in pain. Great premise, hilarious interpretations, especially by Kenneth Branagh with a comic moustache.Pirate Radio is a fun, entertaining movie.Pirate Radio is an infinitely more upbeat counterpoint to "2012". Best soundtrack of any movie ever. Branagh was great. Nighy as well.Pirate Radio is pretty good.  Had a lot of fun.Pirate Radio is ridiculously goodPirate Radio is the best movie of the year in my book.Pirate Radio is the most enjoyable movie I've seen this year. Actually, laughed outloud in the theater. That never happens :)Pirate radio is the shit. freak yeaPirate radio looks stupid, rebellion isn't  cool anymorePirate Radio made me happy. I looove it.Pirate Radio=Massive win! Stellar cast, great story, tons of foolery & cute lil TomStu too. If you like music you'll love this movie. :)Pirate Radio = not a very good movie. Sorry. I wanted to like it, but just couldn't. Fantastic cast though.Pirate Radio rocked so very hard! Today's movie: Fantastic Mr. Fox. Reviews of both, for those who care, on tomorrows blog.Pirate Radio rocked! Yes, I did just say that. :)Pirate Radio...seriously amazing movie if truely appreciate music! I got a little misty! In see it!Pirate Radio...truely fantastic movie if you truely appreciate music. I got a bit misty. Go see it!Pirate Radio was absolutely amazing, add a free dinner at Doyles with that and you got my perfect sunday nightPirate Radio was adorable, I'm now mad crushing on at least 90% of the attractive hipster pirate djs, sorry @nateperkinsPirate Radio was a great movie for the chilly grey Sunday! rock n roll duderz!Pirate Radio was amazing, fyi. "You've got my name written on your boobies!"pirate radio was AMAZING!! I LOVED IT!!!Pirate Radio was amazing. You all must go see it.Pirate Radio was awesome- highly recommend it!Pirate Radio was AWESOME! Need 2 start seeing movies @ Landmark E St. theatre more often.Pirate Radio was AWESOME!!! We all cried a little in the end... Except for Jaimee... She has no heart. I love you Jaimee!!!Pirate Radio was epic everyone needs to go see it !!Pirate Radio was excellent. Reccomended to all.Pirate Radio was good, and I got to watch it for free-started showing promos 10 min b4 endingPirate Radio was Good! Go watch it!Pirate radio was great. a must see and get the sound track.  love classic rock.  was a feel good comedy with a interesting history lesson.Pirate Radio was hilarious. Everybody needs to see it.Pirate radio was inspiring. I'm buying it.Pirate Radio was pretty brilliant. Many an appearance from Norrington (Jack Davenport) XD.Pirate Radio was really, really good! But I'm starting to worry that I can't watch movies with other human beings. So annoying!!! #fbPirate radio was so good last night.Pirate Radio was so much FUN last night! Need some movie reverie? Go see it. That is, unless you don't like rock 'n' roll. Or having fun.Pirate Radio was SUCH a good movie. I recommend it to everyone.Pirate Radio was the shit last night! =]Please excuse the God-awful cliched pun, but PIRATE RADIO freaking rocked.Quick Movie Review: Pirate Radio = Bloody Brilliant!!RT @buhbeesgirl: EVERYONE MUST GO SEE PIRATE RADIO (aka The BoatThat Rocked) W TOMSTU!!! SUCH A FANTASTIC MOVIE!!!RT @chrisrbrown: only good thing about seeing the horrible Pirate Radio at Cobble Hill Cinema tonight was Gabriel Byrne was in the audience.RT @Zigster_: I SAW PIRATE RADIO! So much fun, I really really ridicuously enjoyed it! <-- I was thinking of seeing it. Good to know!saturday had a little snag, had to go rescue the sis...also go see Pirate Radio its awesome.Saw Pirate Radio! Ah. . . those Brits!  Must see if you enjoy the 60''s music or just a well written comedy.  A little bawdy! It''s the 60''s!Saw Pirate Radio and love, love, loved it! Great, funny movie.Saw Pirate Radio - great fun, fantastic soundtrackSaw Pirate Radio. Great movie. Very funny. Well worth the full price of the tickets.Saw Pirate Radio last night and it is officially my new fave movie. It also helps that the main character looks kinda like @brendonuriesaysSaw Pirate Radio last night and it was absolutely great--amazing cast, fun story, epic soundtrackSaw Pirate Radio last night. Lotsa fun & gr8 music. Kenneth Branagh is hilariously over-the-top.Saw "Pirate Radio" last night. Loved the music, loved the cast, liked the idea of it. Nothing too heavy, light fun.Saw "Pirate Radio" last night. Silly, flawed film but can't get  "Elenore" by The Turtles out of my head--great scene, great song.Saw Pirate Radio last night - terrific movie, with a stellar cast.Saw Pirate Radio last night. Very fun, a little silly. Emma Thompson managed to be absolutely brilliant with only a small role.Saw Pirate Radio.  Laughed like crazy.  Silly movie.Saw Pirate Radio...LOVED IT!Saw Pirate Radio…AMAZING!Saw Pirate Radio movie last night...it's a hoot.  Go see it.saw pirate radio-not a great movie, but reminded me that I need to turn off my tv and listen to some great music.Saw Pirate Radio today, good. Hard to believe that Beatles & Stone best 1967 rock from UK but not played in UK other than by radio piratesSaw Pirate Radio today (not good) but was pleasantly surprised 2 of my movie girlfriends are in it: January Jones & Emma Thompson. Who knew?Saw Pirate Radio today, very entertaining but some songs played were actually made years after the time period of the movie ended.Saw Pirate Radio today... Was A LOT better than I thought. Really funny and just a good.. warm movie. =)Saw Pirate Radio tonght, and wasn''t as impressed as I thought I would be.  Definitely a movie in search of a plot.Saw Pirate Radio tonight and it was freaking awesome. Everyone needs to see it NOW Fantastic soundtrack and funny, what more could you want?Scratch that. Went and saw Pirate Radio and it was FANTASTIC.So pirate radio was a totally awesome movie! And the soundtrack, even better!The movie Pirate Radio looks good.thinks every real music lover should check out Pirate Radiothought that Pirate Radio was awesome... poker night has been pretty fun even though I lost a few minutes ago :(@travisrclark should've seen Pirate Radio, that movie was really great!Two days of great music @crowderband last night and just saw Pirate Radio so so good.Two thumbs up for pirate radio!@tylermgraves You would love Pirate Radio.  Totally up your alley.  Enjoy DH.Very much enjoyed Pirate Radio. Made me remember a few songs I love that I haven't heard in a while. Beach Boys, Procol Harum, The Who. Yes!Watched Pirate Radio. Was Funny.Watched Pirate Radio yesterday, it's a musical delight and very funnywatching pirate radio friken awesome....the projector died in 2012 lolWent to see Pirate Radio [7/10] tonite. Funny and fun. Great music as well. Sex, drugs, and Rock 'n' Roll. And alcohol. Good times.Went to see Pirate Radio instead. Fabulous.Went to see Pirate Radio last night - what a hoot and the music was great! Yo9u should go.went to the AMC, saw a movie.(Pirate Radio = Awesome!) couldn't checkin. Thinking about doing Kar Caraoke! ;-) sitting still though, be safewe saw Pirate Radio last night . fun , great movie but you gotta at least like rock n roll or it won't make sense2012 - a stupid, idiotic hollywood product... was this the much awaited movie of the century? Impressed on the amazing visual treat, though!2012 : boring and awful movie :o(2012 - I don't give a shit about the movie, or the ludicrous idea behind it#2012 is a load of freakin shit!!!!... I'm not even gonna support the idea by watching the movie!!!2012 is a long ass movie2012 - is not a disaster movie, this movie is a disaster!!!'2012' is the biggest piece of shit that has come out this year. The movie is a bigger disaster than the ones they show in it.2012 is the stupidest movie ive ever seen! wat a waste of special effects!2012 is the worst movie of 2009!2012 it's a freaking huge movie ! i saw it yesterday ! amazing !!2012 movie... hmmm... i didnt really enjoy it... but the takikomi gohan and maguro sashimi after the movie was great!! hehehe..2012 Movie sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!2012, nice movie, I saw it this Saturday, only thing I can say... amazing effects and very predictable end.2012 not a great movie don't see watch it2012 sucked. I kept falling asleep. I had been up since at 4am and the movie was at 10pm so maybe thats why. If anything it's a RENTAL.2012. The worst movie of all time. That's 2-1/2 hours of my life I will never get back. Just awful.2012 was a terrible movie. I don't understand why the reviewer in the paper gave it a good score.  =/2012 was garbage in movie form'2012' was the PITS. Do NOT waste your $10 nor your 2 hours & 38 minutes. First movie I ever walked out on.Always funny when this happens but the words on 2012 are staring to gush out as I write my review. Movie sucks but I'm loathe to trash it.Bad movie 2012.. warningBLAHH WORK. N 2012 WASNT THAT GREAT OF A MOVIE.... AT ALL.@casuallydone I would put money on 2012 being shit. It's a mindless action movie. Think Independence Day with out the quality cast.Dear Roland Emmerich, your 2012 movie sucks and you are stupid. It was really pretty though so there's that. - JD.despite the fact that maad ppl didn't like the movie 2012....I did!!!!Do not waste your money on the movie 2012. Precious is so much more worthwhile and thought-provoking.Don't go see 2012 movie is garbage!!!Finally I saw 2012 and I really don''t believe the world is gonna end like that shit I believe the illumanti is behind this movie to@FletcherFans new moon o/ I saw 2012 and it''s terrible. I''m really scared ;/ xfyi - terrible movie 2012. WAY over the top and so not worth going to see in the movies!had such high hopes for this movie and was sadly disappointed. 2012 runs for 2 hours and 38 minutes.Hmm 2012 had the 5th best opening weekend in history grossing $225 - Still - not a great movie in my opinion!!hmm 2012 the movie isn't  very optimisticI just saw 2012 and there is only one person that I want by my side during some shit like thati just saw 2012. wasn''t the best movie. but... the main guy, ''Adrian'' was fit! don''t care how old he is, lol ;PI just watched 2012. Tons of geology to stir the pot there. Despite my love of all things Cusack, not a very good movieIm home na! Watched 2012 in the big screen.It was another thrilling movie that made me palpitate.LOL The movie-goers line-up was a blast!I'm on a mission to save everyone from watching 2012 worst movie ever I rather watch dirty dancingI really had a great time . Watched 2012 with fav cuz , Nadirah , Love ya .Is anybody surprised that 2012 is such a shit movie?I saw 2012, hmm not my cup of tea, seeing Law Abiding Citizen now.I saw 2012.  I saw 2012.  I''m...upset?  Disappointed in myself? Tired?  Yep, that''s it, I''m tired.I saw 2012 last night. Typical disaster movie. Far reaching and not very realistic but the popcorn was good.@JohnStuddFN Chillin Bro.. Just Saw 2012.. shit was wack now I''m up lolJust back from the cinema. I saw 2012. Oh gawd the acting was awful, and do those children never behave?! Good CGI, but that''s all....Just did happy hour & watched 2012 (Awesome movie!). Now @ Matt''s baseball game. Go Fairfield A''s!!Just saw 2012. All I can say is, wow. Everyone start saving up your money for those seats on the ark.Just saw 2012....boring.... long!just saw 2012.. didn''t like it.. though it was good film.. :pjust saw 2012. end of the world was never so disappointing. wasted 200 bucks too.Just saw 2012 - had to leave my brain at home for that one...just saw 2012. it was really goodJust saw 2012.it was very long+really not very goodjust saw 2012. i wished the end of the world would come & spare me during the stupid movie hahajust saw 2012... omg that movie is horriblejust saw 2012.....so horribly amateur and cliche.....the indian guy-jimi mistry was jus too awful....quite put offJust saw 2012...terrible movie or most terrible movie ever? Man it sucked!just saw 2012...the worst world ending movie everJust saw 2012. What a looong, dragged, hollywood flick!Just watched 2012. 1,5 hours of my life wasted. Dont watch this crappy movie. Sucked!Just watched 2012 and damn this movie is longer then the Titanic. It was a mess distraction porn with a dumb Hollywood ending. BULLSHIT!just watched 2012 and felt like hearing a very very old story of noa''s ark with all the glitters of CG...nothing impressive........Just watched 2012 - has Roland Emmerich lost his mind?Just watched #2012. It has the production values of a bad soap opera. I didn''t expect much but I''m still disappointed.just watched ''2012''..lame ang istorya..effects ok lang.Just watched 2012, really enjoyed it but hope none of that shit actually happens! CiN call time is 12 so I can actually have a lie in!just watched "2012". That movie sucks! >:(Just watched 2012. What a bloody long movie. Pretty average one at that...just watched 2012. yea, i dont like it.@lifted_truth i hated that movie 2012Me, @roadtoapathy and Diane watched 2012 yesterday! The movie was really great even I had a nap inside the cinema.. DIACHICA ROCKSSSSS!@MiSsDe_La_O lol cause I was disappointed from 2012 so I need to see a good movie lol I get off work in an hour and 3ish from school today@missgigip imma just look at the previews and say that 2012 is probably NOT the movie you want lol@missmeggiepoo saw 2012 and was not blown away - for me just another generic epic disaster film couched in the 2012 myth..how ''bout "Road"?Morning tweeps! - Saw 2012 last night. What a load of old rubbish. Impressive effects...but that was as good as it got #avoidMovie Review from guy at work: "2012 was hilarious".ok i didn't like 2012 movie.. only billionaries will survive? and people in china?!?  hell no!!ok, so we saw 2012 yesterday....two words: Holy Shit! Why oh why did i go watch it? I''m taking some flying lessons ASAP. lol@pratsie @P_En my friends said 2012 is a boring movie. :D i dunno, i gotta watch & find out myself.. haha.. :DReally? I want to see it. RT @holdontightkid: @MidnightSaphira oh yeah ha. I went and watched 2012 last night. It was sad!@robwillb LOL saw 2012 and i was not impressed, great visuals but the characters were so weak and i  didn''t sympathize with any of them.@ronpurtee that movie looks EVEN DUMBER than 2012... Somehow. Didn't think tWas possible.RT @davidschneider: Saw 2012 last night. Amazing CGI mock-ups of the disastrous Olympic logo and opening ceremony.RT @Dom21Price: I wanna see 2012-- that got damn movieRT @IAMBIGO #IFEELSORRY4 THE PEOPLE THAT BELIEVE THAT 2012 SHIT ... im starting i saw 2012 movie was crazyRT @Jayoh4President: 2012....the shit going on is ill but the movie as a WHOLE.. TRASH<---u rly thought the movie was wack??RT @maharis: The movie #2012 gave a new meaning to disappointing. Srsly :P @MoodMooks @Sweej @reneesvilleRT @rimamelatiadams: 2012?DISAPPOINTED!Roland Emmerich u bttr cum up with a gd plot on ur next movie!! Cuz 2012 sux but CG is a 2 thumbs up.RT @sexiiscorp Saw 2012 last night...smh!!! Shyt got me thinkin "wat if" <--- Eff that Wack movie.Saw 2012...A ''popcorn movie'' to say the least..Ronald Emmerich could do much better..Saw 2012...good...Amanda peet looking awesome...But India not that Bad still..as they have potrayed in the movie..specially vis a vis china!Saw #2012 it was STUPID i didn''t like it that much too many dumb scenes so unrealistic lmaoSaw 2012 it woz sick in both waysSaw 2012 last night. Amazing CGI mock-ups of the disastrous Olympic logo and opening ceremony.Saw 2012 last night and it was lame. I sat through 2hrs. and 20min of cliche plot. Good sp. fx though.Saw 2012 last night.  Disappointing cuz there was only one trailer before the movie.  I feel gipped!  Also things go boom! yay!saw 2012 last night found at least 6 referances to other disaster movies it was great fun, what was up with all the WI referances?saw 2012 last night, hilarious...saw #2012 last night. Hmm. Too many Sfx  - but nonetheless breathtaking. Storyline highly optimistic. One time is enough - not a keeper.Saw 2012 last night. It was pretty sick. I almost cried like ten times! HaHaSaw 2012 last night. Loved Adam Lambert's song at the end of the movie.saw 2012 last night && now i`m in this world geographyy class.. this shit has me trippin lowkey lolSaw "2012" last night...the most improbable movie I''ve ever seen. Not the world ending thing, but constantly escaping in the nick of time.Saw 2012 last night, what a waste of time that was! Can''t remember the last time I saw such a shit movie... maybe War of the Worlds 2Saw #2012 last nite. It's basically ur typical disaster movie. Nuttin too crazy. It's gr8 to watch once. It felt like a simulation ride.Saw 2012. Thought it was a fun ride. Still a lot of idiots in the theater...Saw 2012 & Time Travelers Wife today. 2012''s ending was disappointing and I probably should''ve read Time Travelers Wife first but oh well.Saw 2012 today.... A Visual Spectacle.. Kudos to the Visual FX team.. But the movie on the whole couldnt match upto Independence day...saw 2012 today. long movie. cool effects.saw 2012 today. One word - BULLCRAP!Saw 2012 yest. Aside from the special effects the movie was ridiculous.@souljaboytellem the world isn't going to end in 2012 bro. but good movie@Tarunmansukhani 2012 was the crappiest movie ever.The movie #2012 gave a new meaning to disappointing.the movie 2012 is so sad and scaryThe movie 2012 was the shit-nes....lolThis 2012 movie is hilarioooouuss!@tommcfly Hiya tom saw 2012 last night, fab film just wanted to book you as our pilot!!!!! don''t forget us lol@Valdy2k1 the movie 2012 was alright nothing special... Lolwatched 2012.. exhilirating and classy animation but smthng lacked- may be the story..!!Watched 2012 last night. I''ve never heard more bad cliches fit into such a short period of time as with this thing.watched 2012 last night. loved the graphics but the story seemed to closely resemble Day After Tomorrow too much. everyone should have diedWatched 2012 last night. Was disappointing.Watched 2012 last night. Was terrible.Watched 2012 nd sipped on arbor mist with lelia last nite.. Wat a absurd movie soo farfetched nd predictable!Watched 2012. Some over the top scenes, but overall pretty good for fans of end-of-the-world type films. Some good messages in there too.Watched 2012 today got to say disappointed just doesnt compare to independence day or even day after tomorrow...pity:(watched 2012 today. The special effects were jaw dropping! But the story was filled with cliches and just mentioned a little about the Mayanwatched 2012 tonight. pretty useless movie i guess.exactly what i expected it to be, nothing less and sadly nothing more.watched 2012....was a disappointing movie...!!only the spl effects were gud..!!Watched 2012 with @M0rn1ng this afternoon and loved it. Our seats were shaking, I love digital surround sound.Watched 2012 wiv @ShylahMorgana. Gud movie great graphics but the storyline itself is nt half as imaginative as i hopedWatched 2012 w/ some friends today. Had a great time :) going to sleep now. Bye folks!Watched 2012 yesterday. The epitome of a Hollywood classic entertainment cash cow ;-)Weird day today... Saw 2012 which was lame... I have the odd feeling that someone is keeping something from me or lying to me but I''m noWell damn. LOL RT @lwhitneyb: 2012 is the worst movie I've seen all year hands down.  I'd rather sit thru a Glitter marathon.we saw 2012 last night, EPIC....... fail. Anyone else seen this movie disaster?!?wow RT @steviecarlson '2012' is worst movie i have ever seen. would rthr go to dble feature of 'glitter' & 'crossroads' than see it againyesterday i saw 2012, I was expecting to see more of the maya culture in the movie. I was disappointed.